toc, index: add K8s deployment and update links (#3561)
pingcap/docs-cn: TOC.md

  + 升级 TiDB 版本
    + [使用 TiUP 升级（推荐）](/upgrade-tidb-using-tiup.md)
    + [使用 TiUP 离线升级（推荐）](/upgrade-tidb-using-tiup-offline.md)

>     + [使用 TiDB Operator](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb-in-kubernetes/v1.1/upgrade-a-tidb-cluster)

Author: ```suggestion
    + [使用 TiDB Operator](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb-in-kubernetes/stable/upgrade-a-tidb-cluster)
```

    + [使用 TiDB Ansible](/upgrade-tidb-using-ansible.md)
  + 扩缩容
    + [使用 TiUP（推荐）](/scale-tidb-using-tiup.md)
    + [使用 TiDB Ansible](/scale-tidb-using-ansible.md)

>     + [使用 TiDB Operator](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb-in-kubernetes/v1.1/scale-a-tidb-cluster)

Author: ```suggestion
    + [使用 TiDB Operator](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb-in-kubernetes/stable/scale-a-tidb-cluster)
```
